1. What are the regulatory use cases that must be enabled for the Commission and the SROs to fulfill their statutory obligations? Is the CAT necessary to enable those use cases? For example, is the CAT necessary to inform any regulatory decision-making and/or policy-making? Are other audit trails and/or related data sources sufficient to enable necessary regulatory use cases? Why or why not?
2. Are there features of the CAT that could be eliminated because they are unnecessary or because they could be replaced by other currently-existing audit trails and/or related data sources in an efficient and/or cost-effective manner? If so, please identify such features, explain why they could be eliminated, and, if relevant, identify the alternative data sources that could replace such features.
3. Should the Commission eliminate the CAT in favor of developing a different audit trail and/or data source to enable necessary regulatory use cases? Why or why not? How should a new audit trail and/or data source differ from the CAT? What improvements could be gained by developing a new audit trail and/or data source that could not be achieved through incremental improvement to the CAT?
4. What are the advantages and disadvantages of structuring the CAT as a national market system plan (an "NMS plan")? Should the CAT continue to be structured as an NMS plan? Does the fact that both the SROs and the Commission rely on the CAT to fulfill their regulatory functions counsel for or against structuring the CAT as an NMS Plan?
5. If the CAT should not continue to be structured as an NMS plan, how should the Commission and/or the SROs direct and oversee the operation of the CAT? What specific benefits, actions, and costs would be associated with transitioning to an alternative structure? Would transitioning to an alternative structure for the CAT provide offsetting benefits to the costs of transitioning? For example, would replacing the CAT NMS Plan with an SEC rule requiring the reporting of certain information to the Commission and/or the SROs strengthen the Commission’s ability to control the scope and associated costs of the CAT?
6. Should the Commission amend the CAT NMS Plan to implement a different voting structure? If so, what should this voting structure be and why? What are the advantages and disadvantages, for example, of allocating one vote to each affiliated SRO group and each nonaffiliated SRO, as opposed to the current structure of allocating one vote to each SRO regardless of affiliation? If votes should be allocated to each affiliated SRO group and each non-affiliated SRO, are there any circumstances in which an affiliated SRO group or nonaffiliated SRO should be given extra votes? If so, please explain what these circumstances are and why they should affect the voting structure of the CAT NMS Plan.
7. Action of the Operating Committee is authorized either by a Majority Vote or a Supermajority Vote of these voting members, as specified by the CAT NMS Plan. Should the Commission amend the CAT NMS Plan to require a different vote threshold—for example, a Majority Vote, Supermajority Vote, or a unanimous vote—for any specific action? If so, what should that vote threshold be, for which actions, and why?
8. Are there measures that could increase transparency and accountability around CAT NMS Plan voting while protecting sensitive information? For example, should more information be made public about the Operating Committee’s deliberations? Are there any privacy or security concerns regarding disclosure of such information?
9. What powers, responsibilities, or rights should be given to the CAT Advisory Committee? How would such powers, responsibilities, or rights affect the SROs’ ability to govern the CAT? Would such powers, responsibilities, or rights raise concerns about conflicts of interest, given that the members of the CAT Advisory Committee are parties regulated by the SROs?
10. Should the membership of the CAT Advisory Committee be reserved for representatives of certain interests or individuals with specific experience? Should the membership of the CAT Advisory Committee be expanded to include any other market participants not currently represented, such as operators of alternative trading systems ("ATSs"), technology experts, or those with technical and operational expertise related to the management of trading, trade processing, and/or trade data management systems? If so, in what way should representation be apportioned?
11. While the CAT Advisory Committee is entitled to "receive the same information concerning the operation of the Central Repository as the Operating Committee," the Operating Committee "may withhold information it reasonably determines requires confidential treatment." What non-public information should the CAT Advisory Committee have access to and how should confidentiality of this information be maintained? What is the correct balance between providing the public with transparency into the recommendations of the CAT Advisory Committee (and the Operating Committee’s responses to these recommendations) and maintaining the confidentiality of potentially sensitive information about CAT operations?
12. Should additional information about the operation of the CAT, including security measures taken by the SROs to protect CAT Data, be provided to Industry Members beyond those representatives that sit on the Advisory Committee? If so, what information should be provided? How would disclosure of such information affect the security of the CAT?
13. Should the Commission form a separate advisory committee to provide advice and recommendations to it on topics related to the CAT? If so, what are appropriate topics for the advisory committee to consider? For example, should the advisory committee counsel the Commission on matters relating to the CAT’s scope, functionality, design, security, cost management, and/or civil liberties and privacy protections? Who should participate as members of this advisory committee? Should it include market participants and others with technical and operational expertise related to the management of trading, trade processing, and/or trade data management systems? Should it include civil liberty and privacy advocates? Should it include representatives of other relevant constituencies? What non-public information should such an advisory committee have access to and how should the confidentiality of this information be maintained?
14. Is there sufficient transparency with respect to CAT costs and expenses? If not, what additional information should be made public? What is the correct balance between providing public transparency into CAT costs and expenses and protecting potentially sensitive information about CAT operations?
15. The Commission has recently approved amendments to the CAT NMS Plan that would implement a spending cap. Are there any additional cost management controls that should be required for the CAT? If so, please describe such controls and explain why they would be appropriate. Does the answer depend on how the CAT is structured and/or funded? For example, are there any aspects of CAT operations that could be performed more cost-effectively by SRO staff instead of by the Plan Processor or other third-party service providers? If so, please identify those tasks, explain why it would be more cost effective for such tasks to be performed by SRO staff, and describe reasonable costs for those tasks.
16. Should the Commission set fees for the SROs and Industry Members? Would a different funding model help the Commission to weigh more carefully the costs and benefits associated with the CAT? What features should a new funding model have? Does the answer depend on whether or not the CAT should continue to be structured as an NMS plan?
17. The 2026 Funding Model Order approves a CAT funding model which provides that no SRO will file with the Commission a proposed rule change pursuant to Section 19(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 19b-4 thereunder that would establish a new fee for directly passing through to its members the CAT fee charged to each SRO. Should a new funding model explicitly allow the SROs to directly pass through the fees allocated to the SROs that are related to the build or operation of the CAT to their members, subject to Commission review of Rule 19b-4 fee filings? Why or why not?
18. How should fees be allocated to and among SROs and/or Industry Members? Is there a specific percentage of cost that the SROs should bear? Does the answer depend on whether the SRO is a non-profit or for-profit entity? Does the answer depend on whether the SRO is a national securities exchange for equities or options? If so, please explain how these factors and any other such factors should be taken into account. Is there a specific percentage of cost that Industry Members should bear? Does the answer depend on whether the Industry Member is facilitating or engaging in trading with respect to equities or options? Does the answer depend on the business model of the Industry Member – for example, whether the Industry Member is acting as a market maker? If so, please explain how these and any other such factors should be taken into account. Should ATSs be treated like execution venues or Industry Members for purposes of establishing CAT fees? Why?
19. Should fees be based on the burden that each party places on the CAT system? If so, what is the appropriate way to calculate the burden that each party places on the CAT system? Market share? Message traffic? Regulatory use? Are there other appropriate measures of burden? If so, please identify such measures and explain why they would provide an appropriate metric to calculate the burden that each party places on the CAT. For example, should CAT Reporters be charged for late reporting, given the costs associated with re-processing latereceived data? If fees should not be based on the burden that each party places on the CAT system, what are other guiding principles that should be used to create an appropriate funding model for the CAT? Should fees continue to be based on executed equivalent share volumes of transactions in Eligible Securities, for example? Would executed notional value be a better measure? Why? Please identify any appropriate guiding principles and explain why those principles should inform the structure of a CAT funding model.
20. Should the SROs be allowed to collect a reserve to fund CAT operations? For what purposes should the SROs be able to use CAT reserves?
21. What are appropriate controls to place around the amount of reserve funds that the SROs may collect? Should the Commission require that the SROs seek and obtain Commission approval before using the CAT reserves?
22. Under what circumstances should CAT reserves be returned to Industry Members and SROs? Explain what processes should be used to return funds to Industry Members and SROs.
23. What are the advantages and disadvantages, relative to the funding model approved by the 2026 Funding Model Order, of the Commission being appropriated additional funds to cover costs with respect to the CAT?
24. Should the Commission own and operate the CAT itself? If the Commission were to own the CAT, what changes would the Commission need to make to the CAT’s structure, governance, and operations? Please discuss ownership structures the Commission should consider for the CAT. If the Commission were to own the CAT, how would the roles, rights, and responsibilities of the Operating Committee and/or the Advisory Committee need to evolve? Are there any alternative methods by which the Commission and/or the SROs could direct and oversee the operation of the CAT if the Commission were to request additional appropriated funds to cover costs with respect to the CAT? Please identify such alternative methods and explain, in detail, how the CAT would be owned, operated, and funded pursuant to such alternative methods. For example, could an SRO assume sole ownership of the CAT and contract with regulators to provide regulatory services and/or access to the CAT?
25. If the Commission were appropriated funds to cover costs with respect to the CAT, what constraints could be used to protect against cost overruns and budget inflation?
26. If the Commission owned and operated the CAT, how would that affect the contractual relationship between FINRA CAT and the SROs?
27. If the Commission owned and operated the CAT, would that affect the SROs’ ability to access the system? Would it be appropriate for the SROs, most of which are for-profit entities with their own regulatory obligations, to have cost-free access to a system that is owned and operated by the Commission and funded in full through appropriated funds? Should the Commission instead license use of the CAT to the SROs if the CAT is owned and operated by the Commission? Would such a structure raise any conflicts of interest concerns, given that the SROs are parties that the Commission regulates?
28. From which market participants should the CAT collect information? Should information be provided by parties who originate, route, and/or send orders, as well as parties that receive and/or execute orders? Please explain whether the CAT should maintain two-sided reporting requirements, whether the application of two-sided reporting requirements should depend on the underlying product and/or asset class, and from which parties the CAT should require reporting if two-sided reporting is eliminated. What are the costs and benefits associated with one-sided reporting versus two-sided reporting? Is there a material difference in accuracy between one-sided reporting and two-sided reporting? Are there regulatory use cases enabled by two-sided reporting that would not be possible with one-sided reporting?
29. What quote, order origination, routing, request, modification, cancellation, reject, trade, and/or allocation events should be captured by the CAT? What features or data elements of a quote, order origination, routing, request, modification, cancellation, reject, trade, and/or allocation event should be captured by the CAT? What level of detail should be reported for each kind of event? Are certain kinds of events costly, burdensome, or otherwise difficult to collect? What are material terms for quote, order origination, routing, request, modification, cancellation, reject, trade, and/or allocation events?
30. Should the Commission optimize and/or simplify CAT reporting requirements? Please specifically identify any proposed optimizations, describe the costs and benefits associated with such optimizations (including any potential impact on data accuracy and/or regulatory use), explain whether such optimizations would require changes to existing trading workflows and/or reporting processes, and explain how such optimizations should be developed and/or implemented. What are the current costs for Industry Members to report to the CAT? What are the current costs for SROs to report to the CAT?
31. Should any changes be made to the CAT Reporting Technical Specifications for Industry Members? Should any changes be made to the CAT Industry Member Reporting Scenarios? Should any changes be made to the CAT Reporting Technical Specifications for Plan Participants? If so, please specifically identify changes to the technical specifications and/or reporting scenarios that should be made, describe the costs and benefits associated with those changes (including any potential impact on data accuracy and/or regulatory use), explain how those changes could affect existing reporting processes and/or trading workflows, and explain how those changes should be developed and/or implemented. If the recommended changes involve eliminating transaction, error, and/or data fields or elements, please explain whether such fields and/or elements can be obtained from an alternative source, identify that alternative source, and describe any costs or burdens associated with obtaining such fields and/or elements from that alternative source.
32. Would structural and/or architectural changes to the CAT enhance its efficiency and/or reduce costs? What information would be helpful to help commenters analyze measures that could enhance efficiency and/or reduce costs?
33. How frequently should market participants be required to report data to the CAT? Does the answer depend on the product and/or asset class? What are the costs and benefits associated with altering the CAT’s current reporting requirements? What are the potential regulatory impacts of collecting data on a less-than-daily basis? Would reporting data less often reduce costs?
34. FINRA CAT currently accepts data from CAT Reporters in a range of formats, meaning that FINRA CAT must expend computing power to normalize the data for regulatory use. In the experience of Commission staff, this can create downstream issues for processing and interpreting data, which makes regulatory use less efficient. Should a common and/or unified industry data standard with a common data taxonomy be used for submission of data to the CAT and/or pre-submission data quality validations? For example, should the CAT leverage the Financial Information eXchange ("FIX") protocol or another industry data standard? If so, how?
35. Are there transaction, error, or data fields and/or elements that are currently reported to the CAT that are not captured by the FIX protocol or other industry data standards? If so, please identify these fields and/or elements and explain how such fields and/or elements would be captured if the FIX protocol or another industry data standard was used for CAT reporting. Should the FIX protocol or another industry data standard only be leveraged with respect to some events? If so, which events? Should the FIX protocol or another industry data standard only be leveraged with respect to some underlying products and/or asset classes? If so, which products and/or asset classes? What are the costs and benefits associated with leveraging the FIX protocol or another industry data standard for CAT reporting? Would the CAT Reporter Portal need to be altered in any way to enable a different reporting regime? What changes would be required to FINRA CAT’s processes to accommodate a different reporting regime? What changes to the existing trading workflows and/or reporting processes of CAT Reporters would be required to accommodate a different reporting regime? Would leveraging the FIX protocol or another industry data standard reduce or increase the costs to operate the Central Repository? By how much? How would such an approach affect data accuracy and/or regulatory use?
36. Should the CAT be required to comply with a specified error rate? If so, what is an appropriate error rate and how should that error rate be calculated? Do the answers depend on the kind of data collected and/or from whom the data is collected?
37. What kind of validations, linkages, corrections, or other processing should be performed on data reported to the CAT? Should data be validated, linked, and/or processed centrally by the Plan Processor for the CAT or should that task be left to individual regulatory users? Does the answer depend on the completeness of the data contained in the CAT? Should data that is received after the deadline for corrections be validated, linked, and/or processed in the same manner as data that is timely received? If not, what manner of validation, linkage, and/or processing should be performed, and what are the costs and benefits associated with that choice?
38. How quickly should regulators be able to access raw, unlinked data? How quickly should regulators be able to access data that has been validated, processed, and linked, but not corrected? How quickly should regulators be able to access validated, processed, linked, and corrected data? How much time should market participants have to correct data that has been reported to the CAT? What are the costs and benefits of altering these requirements?
39. In the 2025 Cost Savings Amendment, the SROs sought public comment on, but did not formally propose, changes that would reduce the amount of linkage processing performed by the Plan Processor. Under this approach, error feedback would only be provided twice to Industry Members—once on T+2 at 8:00 a.m. ET for linkage errors discovered for on-time submissions and again on T+3 at 8:00 a.m. ET for later-discovered errors. The SROs stated that "Industry Members would be permitted to submit corrections outside of this 24-hour window and would receive reconciliation credit. However, these submissions would be marked late and would not receive any feedback indicating whether the correction was successful." In seeking public comment, the SROs stated that "members of the CAT Advisory Committee and other Industry Member groups had previously raised issues with the shortened amount of time that would be available to Industry Members to review and provide corrected data under the reduced linkage timeline," which they were concerned may increase regulatory compliance risks and costs for Industry Members and reduce the accuracy of CAT Data. These concerns were duly reflected in a comment letter that the Commission subsequently received in connection with the 2025 Cost Savings Amendment. However, the Commission is interested in gathering feedback from market participants as to whether there may be other ways to alter the CAT’s existing processing and/or linkage timelines that would both preserve core regulatory functionality and achieve cost savings. Should the Commission extend or otherwise alter the processing and/or linkage timelines set forth in the CAT NMS Plan? If so, how? Are there other ways to reduce or optimize the amount of linkage processing performed by the Plan Processor?
40. SIFMA has requested that the SROs work with Industry Members with the "goal of reducing ‘late to the lifecycle’ linkage errors . . . while still allowing for firms to confirm successful repairs within a reasonable window." Are there changes that could be made to the CAT Reporting Technical Specifications and/or the CAT NMS Plan to reduce "late to the lifecycle" linkage errors? Alternatively, or in addition, should the CAT NMS Plan and/or other compliance rules, regulations, standards, and/or guidance regarding error thresholds, error corrections, and/or reconciliation credits be amended to relax requirements relating to correction and/or accuracy of late-submitted historical data? Would such amendments require increased reliance on other audit trails and/or data sources for corrected historical data? If so, what are the costs associated with that increased reliance?
41. How should the Plan Processor store historical data? How quickly should data be moved to medium- and long-term storage? For how long should data be stored? Does the answer depend on how and/or what kind of data is stored?
42. The 2026 Cost Savings Order approved amendments to the CAT NMS Plan that would reduce data storage and retention requirements. Specifically, the amendments permit the SROs to: (1) delete all CAT Data older than three years; (2) delete OMM Quotes older than six months; (3) delete Interim Operational Data older than 15 days; and (4) delete Options SIP Data older than six months. Are there further optimizations that should be made to the CAT NMS Plan data storage and retention requirements to reduce costs? If so, please identify those optimizations, explain why such optimizations are appropriate, describe the costs and/or benefits associated with such optimizations (including any impact on data accuracy and/or regulatory use), and, if such optimizations involve eliminating requirements to collect and/or store certain kinds of data, explain whether such optimizations would require increased reliance on other audit trails and/or data sources for those kinds of data and describe any costs associated with that increased reliance.
43. Are there enhancements or improvements that could be made to the current process of generating CCIDs? Please identify such enhancements or improvements with specificity, describe the costs and benefits associated with the implementation of such enhancements or improvements, and describe any privacy, confidentiality, and security measures or controls that should be implemented in connection with enhancements and improvements.
44. Are there any alternative methods of generating unique customer identifiers that could be used to analyze a particular customer’s trading activity across markets, brokers, and/or accounts, when regulatory users have a specific regulatory purpose? Please identify such alternative methods, describe the costs and benefits associated with the implementation of such alternative methods, explain what information would need to be gathered from market participants to enable the generation of the alternative unique customer identifier, and describe any privacy, confidentiality, and security measures or controls that should be implemented to protect that information and the alternative unique customer identifiers generated.
45. Are there different considerations the Commission should take into account with respect to the generation of unique customer identifiers for non-US persons and/or legal entities?
46. Should the Commission permanently exclude information about verbal activity on exchange floors from CAT reporting requirements? Should the Commission extend the deadline set forth in the CAT NMS Plan for reporting such activity past July 31, 2030?
47. What are the benefits and/or regulatory value provided by collecting information about verbal activity on exchange floors? What is the additive value of collecting information about verbal activity on exchange floors when certain order information is already required to be systematized pursuant to SRO rules? Would it be duplicative to require market participants to report information about verbal activity on exchange floors to the CAT?
48. What are the costs associated with reporting information about verbal activity on exchange floors to the CAT? Please provide specific data. Should the Commission conduct an industry survey to obtain this information?
49. Other than requiring each floor participant to hire a full-time employee solely for CAT reporting, are there alternative data sources and/or alternative methods of surveilling verbal activity on exchange floors, including, if applicable, any artificial intelligence or algorithmic technology solutions? Are those data sources and/or methods more cost-effective or efficient than requiring that such data be reported to the CAT? Is it possible to develop and implement such methods before July 31, 2030? If not, please explain how long it would take to develop and implement such methods. Would these methods necessarily collect information beyond reportable verbal activity on exchange floors and, if so, what measures could be introduced to prevent the storage, reporting, and/or use of such information?
52. Does the regulatory value of two-sided reporting for port-level settings that communicate Material Terms of the Order justify the difficulty and costs associated with collecting and reporting such information? What are the costs and benefits of collecting such information on a two-sided basis? Is it sufficient that regulators will still have insight into port-level settings that communicate Material Terms of the Order from order receipt records? Why or why not?
53. Are there any technology solutions in use and/or in development that would make it easier for Industry Members and/or SROs to capture and report port-level settings? If so, please identify such technology solutions, describe the costs associated with implementation of such solutions, and explain when they would be expected to become available to market participants.
54. Should the Commission align the conditions attached to the exemptive relief granted in the November 2023 Order with the conditions attached to the exemptive relief granted in the Port-Level Settings Exemptive Relief Order? If so, please explain which features of each order should be retained, why those features are appropriate, and what costs and benefits would be associated with retaining those features and discarding others. For example, should all port-level settings that communicate Material Terms of the Order be reported by recipients of an order, regardless of whether such port-level settings are "triggered" or "applied"?
55. Should the Commission amend the CAT NMS Plan to make permanent and codify all or part of the November 2023 Order and/or the Port-Level Settings Exemptive Relief Order? If so, please explain which features of each order should be codified, why those features are appropriate, and what costs and benefits would be associated with retaining those features and discarding others.
56. The Commission understands that some SROs and Industry Members may disagree with the Commission’s position that port-level settings are required to be reported to the CAT NMS Plan. Should the CAT NMS Plan be amended to eliminate the requirement that SROs and Industry Members report Material Terms of the Order that are set at the port-level? What are the costs and benefits associated with reporting such information? Can regulators sufficiently and accurately understand trading activity if certain (and potentially unknown) Material Terms of the Order have been excluded from the data set? Are there any alternative data sources that would provide regulators with insight into Material Terms of the Order that are set at the port level?
57. Should the Commission extend the exemptive relief already granted and, if so, for how much longer should exemptive relief be provided? Should the Commission instead amend the CAT NMS Plan to make permanent and codify the Representative Order Exemptive Relief Order?
58. If the Commission should either codify or extend the Representative Order Exemptive Relief Order, should any changes be made to its scope? For example, are there specific trading workflows and/or linkage scenarios involving representative orders, beyond those workflows and/or scenarios in which Industry Members do not have a systematic or direct link between their order management systems and execution management systems, that should be exempted or excluded from the reporting and linkage requirements of the CAT NMS Plan?
59. Are there audit trails and/or related data sources that contain partially duplicative information to the CAT, such that overlapping requirements should be eliminated, modified, or replaced? If so, please explain why or under what circumstances those requirements should be eliminated, modified, or replaced and identify any potential costs and benefits associated with such elimination, modification, or replacement.
60. Will CAT data be sufficiently accurate and reliable to prove an adequate substitute data source for transactional data otherwise obtainable through the EBS system? What criteria should the Commission use to evaluate this question?
61. Should an R&R System be implemented? If so, what functionality should an R&R System have? Does the answer depend on which regulators have access to the system? Does the answer depend on how the system is funded? Does the answer depend on the extent to which an R&R System is intended to replace the EBS system? Does the answer depend on whether an R&R System should be part of the CAT System or separate from it?
62. Should the Commission direct the creation of an R&R System? If it should be separate from the CAT System, should the creation and implementation of an R&R System be structured as a national market system plan and, if so, how should it be funded and governed?
63. If an R&R System should not be structured as a national market system plan or included as part of the CAT System, is there another method by which the Commission should direct the creation of such a system? Should the Commission, for example, promulgate a data collection rule that leaves the SROs with discretion as to how to structure and fund an R&R System? If so, please explain what requirements should be included in such a rule and why those requirements are appropriate. Does the answer depend on the parties that would own and/or operate the system? Does the answer depend on the parties that would use the system? Does the answer depend on which parties would fund the system?
64. If an R&R System should be implemented separate from the CAT System, who should own and/or operate the system? What kind of staff and/or expertise is needed to own, operate, or maintain such a system? What kinds of technological capabilities are needed to own, operate, or maintain such a system? Should the Commission license use of a Commission-owned R&R System to the SROs? If so, how should the Commission determine the rates at which an R&R System is licensed out to the SROs? How would such a licensing arrangement work? Would the SROs seek to recoup any of those licensing costs from their members? Would this approach raise any conflicts of interest concerns, given that the SROs are parties that the Commission regulates?
65. If an R&R System should be implemented separate from the CAT System, should the Commission and/or one or more SROs contract with a third-party service provider to create and develop an R&R System? If so, how should decisions on an R&R System’s functionality, funding, and other items be made?
66. What are the advantages and disadvantages if the Commission were appropriated funds to cover costs with respect to an R&R System? Does the answer depend on which parties would have access to the system?
67. If an R&R System should be implemented separate from the CAT System, should the SROs and/or their members fund part or all of the costs associated with an R&R System? Should the Commission establish a funding model that allocates fees amongst the SROs and their members? Does the answer depend on how the R&R System is structured and/or governed? If the Commission should establish a funding model that allocates fees amongst the SROs and their members, what features should that model have? How should fees be allocated to and amongst SROs and/or their members?
68. Is it feasible to link CAT Data with customer and account information obtained from an R&R System in the manner that market participants have suggested – i.e., using the CAT toidentify relevant CCIDs and related FDIDs, populating an R&R System’s request form with those FDIDs, sending that request through an R&R System to the appropriate broker-dealers, and then associating any customer and account-level information received from those broker-dealers with CAT transactional data? Would it be beneficial to automate the process for receiving and responding to regulatory requests for customer and account information? For instance, is it possible to automate regulator queries to an R&R System and in what fashion? Is it possible for broker-dealers to automate their responses to an R&R System? What technology build would be required at the broker-dealer level? What technology build would be required for regulators at the Commission and/or the SROs? What issues does an automated response process create or solve?
69. What data should be accessible through an R&R System? Should an R&R System only cover the securities currently required to be reported to the CAT or should it also cover other types of securities currently accessible through EBS (e.g., fixed income)? Are there customerand account fields from the existing EBS template that should be accessible through an R&R System? Are there any fields from the existing CAIS template (or from a previous CAIS template) that should be accessible through an R&R System? Should SSNs, ITINs, and/or legal entity identifiers be accessible through an R&R System? Should names, addresses, dates of birth, and employer names be accessible through an R&R System? Should information about authorized traders be accessible through an R&R System? Should FDIDs be accessible through an R&R System? Should the large trader identification numbers assigned by the Commission pursuant to Rule 13h-1 be accessible through an R&R System? Do the answers depend on the security measures put in place for an R&R System? Are there any data elements that are not currently included in an existing audit trail and/or data source that should be accessible through an R&R System? What data elements would be required to properly enable customer and account information accessible through an R&R System to be linked to transactional CAT Data?
70. How should data be requested and provided through an R&R System? Does the answer depend on whether an R&R System is part of the CAT System?
71. How should regulators at the Commission and the SROs be able to submit requests for data through an R&R System? For example, should an R&R System provide regulators with a web interface or an application programming interface? What are the advantages and disadvantages associated with either approach? What kinds of queries should regulators be able to submit through an R&R System?
72. How should requests for data be communicated to responding broker-dealers? How should broker-dealers be able to respond to requests received through an R&R System? For example, should an R&R System provide broker-dealers with a web interface or an application programming interface? What are the advantages and disadvantages associated with either approach? Should broker-dealers receive email alerts or other reminders regarding the existence of requests made via an R&R System? What format should data accessible through an R&R System be provided in? Is there a specific template that should be used by broker-dealers? How long should broker-dealers be given to respond to a request received through an R&R System?
73. What are the costs and benefits associated with implementing an R&R System? Please provide specific estimates of any cost savings or burdens that would flow from the implementation of an R&R System, explain whether those estimates are premised on full or partial retirement of the EBS system, and the extent to which the EBS system would have to be retired and/or modified to align with those estimates. To what extent would broker-dealers have to re-program their systems to report through an R&R System? How long would it take brokerdealers to re-program their systems? To what extent would regulators have to adjust their regulatory programs to use an R&R System instead of the EBS system? Are there use cases made possible by the EBS system that would not be possible through linking CAT Data with customer data retrieved from an R&R System? Please identify these use cases and explain why they would not be possible utilizing the R&R system approach suggested by market participants. What costs are associated with the development of new workflows to properly link CAT Data with customer data that may be reported to an R&R System? How long would it take regulators to make any necessary adjustments?
74. Should the Commission amend Rule 13h-1 to eliminate and/or modify any of its transaction reporting and/or record-keeping requirements or the customer monitoring safe harbor? If so, please specifically identify the reporting, record-keeping, and/or monitoring requirements that should be eliminated and/or modified, explain why it is appropriate to eliminate and/or modify those requirements, explain whether the data provided by those requirements is otherwise contained in or ascertainable from the CAT, and describe any costs and/or benefits associated with the recommended amendments.
75. Will CAT data be sufficiently accurate and reliable to prove an adequate substitute data source for Rule 13h-1 transaction data otherwise obtainable via EBS? What criteria should the Commission use to evaluate this question?
76. In the CAT NMS Plan Approval Order, the Commission stated that "Form 13H collects information to identify a large trader, its securities affiliates, and its operations, and does not collect audit trail data on effected transactions." The Commission therefore stated that the "self-identification and other Form 13H filing requirements of Rule 13h-1" would not be "duplicated by or redundant of CAT." Nevertheless, to achieve cost savings in connection with Form 13H, should the identifying activity levels of Rule 13h-1 be increased to classify fewer persons as large traders? For example, should the current thresholds be increased from 2 million shares or $20 million per day to 10 million shares or $100 million per day; and from 20 million shares or $200 million per month to 100 million shares or $1 billion per month? If so, please explain by how much the current thresholds should be increased, explain how those higher thresholds would be more appropriate given recent market developments, and explain whether those higher thresholds would continue to appropriately identify persons whose trading activity in NMS securities merits classification as a large trader. Should additional exceptions be considered from large trader status, such as one-time or infrequent transactions? Are there other elements of Form 13H that could be eliminated and/or modified to achieve cost savings? If so, please specifically identify the elements that should be eliminated and/or modified, explain why it is appropriate to eliminate and/or modify those elements, explain whether the data provided by those elements is otherwise contained in the CAT or available via an alternative data source, and describe any costs and/or benefits associated with the recommended modifications to Form 13H. Is the information provided by the CAT or the alternative data source sufficiently accurate and reliable to prove an adequate substitute data source for the information provided on Form 13H? What criteria should the Commission use to evaluate this question?
77. Rule 13h-1 sets forth record-keeping and reporting requirements not only for large traders, but also for "Unidentified Large Traders" – i.e. a person who has not complied with theidentification requirements for large traders, but who "a registered broker-dealer knows or has reason to know is a large trader." Rule 13h-1 further specifies that a "registered broker-dealer shall be deemed not to know or have reason to know that a person is a large trader if it does not have actual knowledge that a person is a large trader and it establishes policies and procedures reasonably designed to: (1) [i]dentify persons who have not complied with the identification requirements [for large traders] but whose transactions effected through an account or a group of accounts carried by such broker-dealer or through which such broker-dealer executes transactions, as applicable (and considering account name, tax identification number, or other identifying information available on the books and records of such broker-dealer) equal or exceed the identifying activity level; (2) [t]reat any persons identified in [item 1] as an Unidentified Large Trader for purposes of this section; and (3) [i]nform any person identified in [item 1] of its potential obligation under this section." For the purposes of Rule 13h-1, "a registered broker-dealer need take into account only transactions in NMS securities effected by or through such broker-dealer." One commenter has stated that the "approach for monitoring large trader reporting adopted by the Commission is ineffective because a broker-dealer would not know about a customer’s trading activity at other broker-dealers." This commenter believed that the Commission, using information already reported to the CAT, could "readily determine if any CCID has exceeded the applicable trading thresholds for large trader reporting and an LTID has not been reported for the FDIDs to which the CCID is associated." The commenter stated that the availability of such data through the CAT "obviates the need for broker-dealers to create identifiers for unidentified large traders and to report them to CAT." Should the Commission eliminate record-keeping, reporting, and/or monitoring requirements from Rule 13h-1 for Unidentified Large Traders? What costs do broker-dealers incur to monitor for and comply with Rule 13h-1 requirements for Unidentified Large Traders? Please provide specific data. Could the Commission surveil for Unidentified Large Traders by determining whether any CCID has exceeded the applicable trading thresholds for large trader reporting and whether an LTID has been reported for the FDIDs to which that CCID is associated now that LTIDs have been removed from the CAT by the amendments approved in the 2026 Cost Savings Order? Is there an alternative method of finding Unidentified Large Traders using CAT Data?
78. Does the CAT’s collection and/or transmission of transactional information without associated customer and account-level information raise confidentiality, privacy, and/or civil liberties concerns? If so, what are they, and how should those concerns be addressed?
79. Does enabling the transmission of customer and account-level information to regulators through the EBS System or an R&R System raise confidentiality, privacy, and/or civil liberties concerns? If so, what are those concerns, and how should they be addressed? Does the answer depend on the type of interface that enables the transmission of this data—for instance, whether a request for specific information from a regulator is required before such data is requested, transmitted, and/or collected? Does the answer depend on the scope of the data requested, transmitted, and/or collected? Does the answer depend on the purpose for which the data is requested, transmitted, and/or collected? Does the answer depend on the extent of automation involved in requesting, transmitting and/or collecting the data?
80. To the extent that imposing additional limits on the collection and/or transmission of market data to address potential confidentiality, privacy, and/or civil liberties concerns creates trade-offs with costs, efficiency, and data security, such as any additional burdens that would be imposed if data was provided by broker-dealers upon request rather than through the CAT or another audit trail or data source, how should the Commission weigh those trade-offs?
81. What other confidentiality, privacy, and/or civil liberties considerations should be taken into account?
82. Are there enhancements that should be made to the security requirements set forth in the CAT NMS Plan? Are there technological changes that could be made to the Central Repository to enhance its protection? If so, please identify these enhancements, explain how such enhancements would improve the security of the CAT and/or CAT Data, and identify the costs associated with implementing such enhancements.
83. Are there enhancements that could be made to the measures that protect the CCID Subsystem and/or to the process for generating CCIDs that would further strengthen the protection of the information used by the Plan Processor to generate CCIDs? If so, please identify these enhancements, explain how such enhancements would improve the privacy, confidentiality, and security of the CAT and/or CAT Data, and identify the costs associated with implementing such enhancements.
84. The CAT NMS Plan already sets forth a non-exclusive list of industry standards for information security with which the CAT is required to comply, including standards promulgated by the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") regarding security and privacy controls for information systems and organizations and providing a cybersecurity framework. Are there additional security, privacy, or confidentiality controls that should be implemented to secure the CAT? Are there additional industry standards for information security with which the CAT should be required to comply – for example, NIST standards for zero trust architecture? What are the benefits and costs associated with the implementation of or compliance with such additional security, privacy, or confidentiality controls and/or industry standards for information security?
85. The CAT NMS Plan already requires the Chief Information Security Officer to "review the information security policies and procedures of the Participants that are related to the CAT to ensure that such policies and procedures are comparable to the information security policies and procedures applicable to the Central Repository." Instead of "comparable" policies and procedures, should uniform security policies and/or procedures be imposed on all parties that may access and/or use the CAT? Does some measure of variance in security policies and/or procedures provide more protection to the underlying data? What are the costs and/or benefits associated with providing flexibility with respect to the application of specified security requirements? Should the CAT NMS Plan impose any additional requirements to control how CAT Data is retained, stored, and/or tracked once it is downloaded from the CAT? For how long should data be stored? Does the answer depend on how and/or what kind of data is stored? Does the answer depend on the potential use of artificial intelligence to analyze CAT Data? Should the SROs be required to implement zero trust architecture for CAT Data? Does the answer depend on how this approach would impact regulatory use? Does the answer depend on the costs associated with this approach?
86. The CAT NMS Plan currently sets forth robust access control requirements for the CAT and for CAT Data. It requires both the SROs and the Plan Processor to implement various safeguards to secure access and use of the CAT, including: (1) role-based access controls; (2) authentication of individual users; (3) multi-factor authentication and password controls; (4) implementation of information barriers to prevent unauthorized staff from accessing CAT Data; (5) data encryption and use of secure connectivity methods; (6) security-driven monitoring and logging; (7) escalation procedures for non-compliance and/or security events; and (8) remote access controls.
    a. Should additional access control measures be implemented for the CAT? What kinds of controls should be put in place to manage and review access entitlements and regulatory use? Please identify any additional access control measures that should be implemented, explain how such measures would enhance the security of the CAT and/or CAT Data, and identify any costs associated with implementing such measures.
    b. Should the existing logging requirements of the CAT NMS Plan be enhanced? For example, are there artificial intelligence or algorithmic technology solutions that could assist either the Plan Processor and/or regulators to detect misuse of CAT Data? If so, please identify such technology solutions, explain how they would help the Plan Processor and/or regulators to detect misuse of CAT Data, and describe any costs or challenges associated with their implementation.
    c. What types of audit procedures should be put in place to assess whether CAT Data has been used appropriately by regulatory users?
    d. What types of access control measures are necessary to prevent a bad actor at the Commission or the SROs from using the CAT to target an individual(s) for monitoring based on personal, competitive, or political animus?
87. Rule 613 and the CAT NMS Plan prohibit the use of CAT Data for commercial purposes, as well as the use of CAT Data by parties that are not regulators and in non-regulatory contexts – for example, by private litigants. Should the Commission further reinforce or enhance these Should the Commission further reinforce or enhance these restrictions on how CAT Data can be used?
88. In addition to the existing requirement that CAT Data only be used for regulatory purposes, what security measures or controls would further strengthen protections that prevent regulatory users at the Commission and/or the SROs from using the CAT for inappropriate or illegal purposes, such as targeting an individual for monitoring based on personal, competitive, or political animus? For example, should the Commission further restrict the way that regulatory users can use the CAT to support regulatory activities? If so, how? What standards should be satisfied before a regulatory user can access and/or use CAT Data? Does the answer depend on whether the regulatory user is Commission staff or SRO staff? Does the growing use of artificial intelligence affect this analysis? If so, how?
89. Should information about the policies, procedures, and/or controls that govern the regulatory use of the CAT be made public? For example, should the Commission and/or the SROs publish information regarding the internal controls and/or safeguards that govern access to or use of CAT Data, information about how the Commission, the SROs and/or FINRA CAT monitor the storage and/or usage of CAT Data, information about the number of regulatory users at the Commission and/or the SROs and/or the regulatory purposes for which they are using CAT Data? Would disclosure of such information pose security or confidentiality concerns?
90. Under what circumstances, if any, should the Commission make CAT Data available to interested market participants in the rulemaking context? What conditions and/or controls should apply? At what level of data aggregation should the data be made available? What are the costs and benefits associated with releasing such data? Does the answer depend on the type of data relied upon? Does the answer depend on the costs of making such data available?
91. Should information about the policies, procedures, and/or controls that govern the regulatory use of the EBS system be made public? For example, should the Commission and/or the SROs publish information regarding the internal controls and/or safeguards that govern access to or use of the EBS system, information about how the Commission and/or the SROs monitor the storage and/or usage of data accessed through the EBS system, information about the number of regulatory users at the Commission and/or the SROs and/or the regulatory purposes for which they are using data accessed through the EBS system? Would disclosure of such information pose security, privacy, or confidentiality concerns?
92. What confidentiality, privacy, and security measures or controls would further strengthen protections that prevent regulatory users at the Commission and/or the SROs from using the EBS system for inappropriate or illegal purposes, such as targeting an individual for monitoring based on personal, competitive, or political animus? For example, should the Commission further restrict the way that regulatory users can use the EBS system to support regulatory activities? If so, how? What standards should be satisfied before a regulatory user can access and/or use data using the EBS system? Does the answer depend on whether the regulatory user is Commission staff or SRO staff? Does the answer depend on whether the regulatory user is accessing transactional data or customer and account-level information?
93. What security, privacy, and confidentiality controls protect data transmitted and/or stored through the EBS system? What encryption protections secure EBS data that is transmitted and/or stored? Are there additional security measures that should be implemented to protect data transmitted and/or stored by FINRA’s and/or NYSE’s EBS systems? For example, are there more secure methods of transmitting and/or storing data than those currently employed by regulators to request and receive EBS data? If so, please identify any such methods, explain why they would be more appropriate, and describe any costs associated with implementing and/or maintaining such methods of transmission, including any costs associated with burdens on regulatory use.
94. Should the Commission require the creation and/or implementation of specific data retention policies that would shorten the amount of time that EBS data may be retained and/or control the way that such data may be stored by the SROs? What are the costs and benefits associated with such an approach? How would shortened data retention policies interact with federal rules and regulations governing record retention? Would shortening data retention policies potentially lead to duplicative requests? Are there policies and procedures regarding the storage and/or retention of data that could potentially decrease the number of duplicative requests made via the EBS system?
95. If an R&R System is implemented, what security standards or controls should govern it? For instance, should an R&R System be required to comply with any particular industry standards or controls for information security, like standards promulgated by NIST regarding security and privacy controls for information systems and organizations, providing a cybersecurity framework, or implementing zero trust architecture? Does the answer depend on the parties that have access to the system? Does the answer depend on the functionality provided by the system—for example, the extent to which requests and responses are automated?
96. FIF has suggested that FINRA could "provide a secure method" for broker-dealers to respond to requests made by regulators through an R&R System. What would constitute a secure method for broker-dealers to respond to requests? What would constitute a secure method for regulators to make requests? Please specifically identify secure methods that could be used to request and provide data, explain why those methods are appropriate, and identify any costs or benefits associated with those methods.
97. Should requests and/or responses made via an R&R System be encrypted? Does the answer depend on the data that is required to be reported via an R&R System? If data should be encrypted, please identify appropriate encryption protocols and explain why they should be applied to data provided through an R&R System. What are the costs and benefits that would be associated with such a measure? To what extent would broker-dealers have to re-program their systems to encrypt this data? To what extent would regulators have to adjust their regulatory programs if the information sent through an R&R System was encrypted?
98. What access and use controls or measures should be implemented for an R&R System? Do the answers depend on how particular security measures or controls would impact regulatory use? Do the answers depend on the costs associated with particular security measures or controls? Do the answers depend on the type of data or the volume of data being accessed or used? For example, should customer and account information be protected with different security measures or controls than those applied to transactional data? Should security policies and/or procedures be uniform across all SROs that access and/or use an R&R System? Does some measure of variance in security policies and/or procedures provide more protection to the underlying data?
99.  What security measures or controls would prevent regulatory users at the Commission and/or the SROs from using an R&R System for inappropriate or illegal purposes, such as targeting an individual for monitoring based on personal, competitive, or political animus? For example, should the Commission restrict the way that regulatory users can use an R&R System to support regulatory activities? If so, how? What policies, procedures, or controls should govern the regulatory use of an R&R System and should information about those policies, procedures, or controls be made public? What standards should be satisfied before a regulatory user can access and/or use data using an R&R System? Does the answer depend on whether the regulatory user is Commission staff or SRO staff?
100. How long should the SROs be able to retain data obtained from an R&R System? Does the answer depend on the type or volume of data obtained? Does the answer depend on how the data is downloaded, accessed, analyzed, tracked, logged, and/or stored? Does the answer depend on data privacy or confidentiality considerations? For example, should customer and account information be stored separately from and for different periods of time than transactional data? Does the answer depend on the particular regulatory use case for the data? Does the answer depend on federal rules and regulations governing record retention and statute of limitations periods applicable to enforcement actions? Should data retention policies and/or procedures be uniform across all SROs that may access and/or use an R&R System? Does some measure of variance in security policies and/or procedures provide more protection to the underlying data? Could shorter data retention periods and/or more restrictive use policies increase the likelihood of duplicative and/or repetitive requests being made to broker-dealers?
101. What breach management procedures should be required for an R&R System? Which parties, if any, should the owners and/or operators of an R&R System be required to notify in the event of a breach? What kinds of events should constitute a breach?
102. FIF has expressed concern about the "plaintext reporting of SSNs and other PII" in OCC’s LOPR data, urging the Commission to direct the removal of PII from this data set. What are the costs and benefits associated with such an approach? Would removal of customer and account level data from LOPR make its regulatory use less efficient? For example, would regulators have to obtain the required information through an alternative (and potentially manual) method that could involve requesting information from a larger number of brokerdealers? Would this raise costs for broker-dealers? If so, please identify and quantify the burdens associated with this alternative approach. Are there alternative methods for enhancing the security of LOPR data? If so, please identify any such measures and explain why it would be appropriate to implement such measures.
103. If not eliminated, modified, and/or replaced, do any other audit trails and/or related data sources raise cybersecurity, privacy, and/or civil liberties concerns? If so, how should the Commission address these concerns?
104. Are there any other methods of gathering information from market participants regarding any potential changes that should be made to the functionality of existing audit trails and/or related data sources? For example, should the Commission issue industry surveys to brokerdealers and SROs? If so, please describe what the content of these surveys should be and to which parties such surveys should be distributed. Should the Commission hold a roundtable conference and/or establish a working group? Please identify any measures the Commission should take to gather information and explain why such measures are appropriate.
105. Several market participants have suggested that the Commission should "require the CAT Operating Committee to engage an independent technology firm to review the operations and technological design of CAT to identify further opportunities to optimize CAT and reduce costs." Should the Commission require an independent audit of the CAT’s technological design? If so, please describe what the scope of such an audit should be, explain why that scope would be appropriate, and describe any criteria that should be used to select the party conducting the independent audit. Does the answer depend on the costs of such an independent audit? Does an independent audit pose any security risks? Should an independent audit be conducted for any other existing audit trail and/or data source? Should the results of the independent audit be made public? Would making such information public compromise the security of the CAT?
