---
title: "141-1 - cal-1"
source_pdf: "23-13396/141 - subitems/141-1 - cal-1.pdf"
pages: 2
extraction_engine: "PyMuPDF"
---

# 141-1 - cal-1

## Page 1

UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS 
FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT 
ELBERT PARR TUTTLE COURT OF APPEALS BUILDING 
56 Forsyth Street, N.W. 
Atlanta, Georgia 30303 
David J. Smith 
Clerk of Court  
 
 
December 26, 2024  
For rules and forms visit
www.ca11.uscourts.gov
 
MEMORANDUM TO COUNSEL OR PARTIES 
 
Appeal Number:  23-13396-X  
Case Style:  American Securities Association, et al v. U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission 
Agency Docket Number:  34-98290 
 
Acknowledgement Required 
Counsel must acknowledge receipt of the attached calendar by docketing the "Calendar 
Receipt Acknowledged" event in ECF. 
Oral Argument Calendar and Location 
The Court has determined that the cases listed on the attached calendar are to be orally argued 
on 02/03/2025 in Atlanta, Georgia at 2:00 p.m. ET. Counsel for each party must present oral 
argument unless excused by the Court for good cause shown. As of the date of this letter, any 
change in or addition to counsel in this appeal requires leave of the Court. See 11th Cir. R. 34-
4(e) 
Panel Assignment 
The names of the panel members for this oral argument session may be obtained by calling the 
Courtroom Deputy shown below, no earlier than 01/20/2025.  
Courtroom Deputy: Stephanie Tisa 
Phone #: (305) 579-4432 
Electronic Devices 
Please see the Court's Portable Electronic Devices Policy regarding the possession and use of 
electronic devices https://www.ca11.uscourts.gov/court-policies.  
Tuttle Courthouse Security Procedures 
All visitors to the Elbert P. Tuttle Courthouse in Atlanta must enter the courthouse through the 
security vestibule at the Forsyth Street entrance. Court Security Officers will instruct visitors 
regarding security procedures. Please allow sufficient time for the security screening process. 
USCA11 Case: 23-13396     Document: 141-1     Date Filed: 12/26/2024     Page: 1 of 2 
(1 of 2)

## Page 2

Amicus Curiae 
An amicus curiae may participate in oral argument only with the Court's permission. See FRAP 
29(a)(8). 
Questions 
If you have questions or concerns, please contact the Calendaring/Court Sessions Section in 
Atlanta, Georgia at (404) 335-6141. 
Clerk's Office Phone Numbers 
General Information: 404-335-6100  Attorney Admissions:    404-335-6122 
Case Administration: 404-335-6135  Capital Cases:       404-335-6200 
CM/ECF Help Desk: 404-335-6125  Cases Set for Oral Argument: 404-335-6141 
 
 
 
CAL-1 Oral Argument Calendar Issued 
 
USCA11 Case: 23-13396     Document: 141-1     Date Filed: 12/26/2024     Page: 2 of 2 
(2 of 2)
